Feature/3 parse unreleased (#4)
Colin-b/keepachangelog: README.md

[1.0.0]: https://github.test_url/test_project/releases/tag/v1.0.0
```

> You can specify a `show_unreleased` in order to include `Unreleased` changelog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`show_unreleased` parameter can be specified in order to include `Unreleased` section information.
Note that `release_date` will be set to None in such as case.
```

> content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
